Recent updates
-----------------

### [Converting my blog to static html files](speed_difference_converting_wordpress_to_static_html.html)
*First published on 16 December, 2012*

I recently converted my blog from wordpress and apache to static html files and nginx.
The post has the speed differences in loading times.


### [How I have configured nginx](how_I_have_configured_nginx.html)
*First published on 16 December, 2012*

This is a look at how this website is configured at the nginx level.

### [Making my dell xps15z boot](making_the_dell_xps15z_boot_3.2.0-34.html)
*First published on 10 December, 2012*

A small workaround to make the Dell xps15z laptop boot first-time, everytime.


### [autogenerated HTML using markdown and python](autogenerated_html_using_markdown_and_python.html)
*First published on 16 November, 2012*

This is a look at how this website is generated, its not using any databases or web frame works.k
All the pages have been pre-generated as HTML. 

### [simple nagios - a clean web gui for nagios](simple_nagios.html)
*First published on 16 November, 2012*

A quick look at simple nagios a project that aim is to make the viewing of nagios as simple as possible.

### [Installing zfs on Ubuntu server 12.04](installing_zfs_on_ubuntu_1204_n40l.html)
*First published on 29 May, 2012*

A step by step guide for install zfs on your Ubuntu server and creating your first pool. 

Mine just happened to be 4x3TB disks running in a HP n40l micro-server.


### [Using Hostinfo to generate nagios configuration files](using_hostinfo_to_generate_nagios_configuration.html)
*First published on 2 February, 2012*

One of the best thing ( and worst thing...) is that it uses a plain text files for its configurations. 
This dose allow you to easily generate the configuration for 1000's of servers without touching a configuration file.

### [Solaris netstat tcp protocol statistics explained](solaris_netstat_tcp_protocol_statistics_explained.html)
*Frist publish on 15 May, 2012*

The netstat command on Solaris is a fantastic gateway to all your TCP statistics of your system.

### [Should I change my scheduler to NOOP](should_i_change_my_disk_scheduler_to_use_NOOP.html)
*Frist publish on 7 July, 2012*

Using seeker and hdparm to test different disk schedulers on my laptop.

### [Making python faster with a cache decorator ](a_simple_example_using_a_python_cache_decorator.html)
*First published on 1 February, 2012*

Using a simple python decorator to speed up 10th Fibonacci number generation from 3 minutes to 11 seconds.
All you need to do is add __@memorize__